What are you doing?
If Chen Dasheng asks you to kneel, you will kneel
If you want to die, don't implicate you
You Chen Sheng him
I told you one more word of nonsense
You can't see the moon tomorrow
Do you want me to know despair?
So?
Unexpectedly, this hotel is owned by PM Group
Nice. Officially have PM Group clear this hotel
Inform no one to enter or leave
It's the kid who is acting with me here
Tianmu Group is also something you can transfer
What are you two staring at?
Waste him
Qizhi helps us take care of it
Boy, I'm warning you
Don't come here
Lao Tzu is someone you can't afford to offend
Uncle, where are you?
I know what they're up to
Boy I warn you
Lao Tzu is the eldest grandson of the Chen family
Eat us too dry giant
Chen Family, do you think I'm fat?